what's up my sales and welcome to
another episode of tossing up i'm still
fat and this is the series where we get
three players based on three randomly
generated number some random dog and
then we go and find those cards on the
market and we use them in a squad now
the first number we get as embracing so
that means we get the eighteenth card on
the market for defenders and it's Gerard
Pique just to quickly mention guys and
if you could let me know in the comments
would you guys be interested in me
either doing an RTG or career mode just
short I think of all the things I can do
in between my twine up series and Randy
hybrids them two things that I love
doing but obviously the spy big gap in
between those I attended all those on
the weekend so some just something i
could do midweek guys and if you could
let me know down below me I don't
normally get more than like 345 comments
of videos so I do appreciate the mall
but if you could particular let me know
on this video even set RTG or career
mode or simply know if you don't want to
see this thing which is fair enough guys
because I afternoon itg back when it was
360 and rather than next-gen stuff and
it didn't get too many of you so if you
don't want to see that's fair enough but
I just thought maybe something else we
could do brushing our on next-gen anyway
bottom just to thought guys so as I said
let me know down below now the
midfielder we got for this team was
informed Kevin point what ankle is an
absolute tank I will tell you that and
it's got some ridiculous all-around
stats and attacking player is going to
be normal Pedro of course where the
second in form in the last episode of
shutting up so if you haven't seen that
go and check it out but of course I
thought he was probably most up with sue
a wide midfield position when I used him
and that's where we end up use him in
this squad sir will sail that plans out
that I'm people were going to use is
Pepe Reina a decent keeper very very
good distribution okay shop stopping he
doesn't catch too much but he's very
good at distributing the ball I could
say and the first sign of aqua nagar
going to have is this guy called Brutus
from Napoli it was ok wasn't too bad
another nap aleppo we're going to have
on this team is zuniga very quick and
quite a defensive-minded white player i
think it's got medium-high work risk and
fishing off this Napoli little fast and
we've got hit grain very very good
striker not the quickest but to be fair
it doesn't seem that slaw and it worked
quite well on this demon this team over
over worked really well to be honest and
I've kind of gone for a little theme in
this episode hopefully you guys like it
just something a bit different i thought
i'd try and well you see in a minute
guys
the first centre-back we're gonna have
is Benedict server des of course from
Schalke not the quickest again none of
my centre-backs are particularly quick
they've all got less than 70 pace but
this team actually worked pretty well to
be honest I didn't notice it too much
and they seem to do all right so it
wasn't too much of an issue the piercing
I still holding midfielders are going to
be this guy called hugger I bet her get
her get I don't know how you said that
name but some him and Werth tango are
two defensive midfielders and hook it
was okay didn't do too much it's got
high hey worker it so he gets forward
and back but sir it wasn't amazing he
was just kind of there what thing was
actually really good he's got a great
shot on him a very powerful strike and
he's got high medium worker it's
probably not an ideal for sound
defensive mid but to be honest he didn't
get forward too much sure it wasn't too
much of an issue and I put a shadow card
in him as well so really up on his
Pierce and defending abilities and it
works pretty well they were attacking
midfield we've got his Julian Draxler
very good player bonus I've heard good
stuff about him especially this card
this year and it proved me right to
burnet I proved them right rather
because he really Sean in that position
and I liked him a lot Barcelona players
we've got a Gerard Pique of course it
was a very good center back again not
very quick but he's very strong is good
in the air we've got Pedro on the right
and finishing off the little bar salon
at tria we're going to have none other
than lien on Messi I mean a thought
we've still got him in the club i
haven't sold him from the torn-up squad
why not use him again because these that
damn good isn't he let's be honest he's
each way at 94 and he's best player on
the game for a reason disregarding Pella
who's recently come into packs but that
little drama aside if anyone's been
following on Twitter it's been a little
bit amusing but nevertheless moving on
to the squad and like a sim I've gone
for a bit of a theme minutes we've got
bass on on the right we've got to Napoli
on the left and we've got shocker in the
middle and I just purely from an
aesthetic look I think it looks really
nice to be honest this guy's and I don't
know what it is it just kind of its nice
little pattern disposed and it looks
looks good but to burnish it was a
really really good team and look look
look at that girl from Draxler
absolutely magnificent in a little
scissor little lob goes but weird the
way struck it but absolutely beautiful
and like I said Draxler very very good
player and
for some reason guys i've used 352 teams
this year and I've absolutely hated them
purely because I've conceded a boatload
of headers but with this team it didn't
happen and I just could not believe it I
mean that none of these players that
I've got like I say I've got any Pierce
whatsoever and look at that girl from
her videos actually when I said about
scoring there went for a bit of a
scumbag ksi girl and well it turned out
better than I expected because they just
punt it forward Messi gets in the
keepers fierce keep him it's not a
little hash of its and it ends up one in
the back of the net but yeah like was
saying guys I've got really slow
centre-backs to be honest and i thought
i'm gonna use three at the back and
these players they're gonna get
absolutely dominated because the source
law people is going to be bomb and pass
me all day long and it's probably not a
good idea but i thought you know what
let's try it anyway and i was wrong i
really was wrong it really works out
well i am i enjoyed using it a lot and
to be honest i would definitely
recommend this team up to like some of
the teams i've made they've been like
nice to play the vino and again but they
have not been the most amazing squads
overall but this one I really liked I
mean there's no one in this team I could
say it didn't do a good job I like I
said almost an a buck'll God even like
British guy who's on you at 77 he it was
quite good to be honest I mean I put a
shadow card in him open his pace and
he's defending because again not the
quickest to think about shadow cards and
about five players in this team because
like I say there are slow but it just it
just worked I don't know what it was I
wouldn't quite a lot of games even in
seasons and yeah I don't urge had a lot
of fun with this team it's got quite a
few girls with higway in as well but
some of course is quite a few girls so
messy no other ones in this video are
particularly amazing and they just kind
of like Messi gets the ball from a
decent way out and just kind of finishes
it really well but there was no like
long way in strikes or anything but I
suppose it didn't really matter i mean
at this point for me Messi's got more
girls than he has played games so he
can't really complain from that stump
Island that was a nice goal to be fair
guy doesn't even touch the ball from
kickoff we just get it straight through
and score a goal but we're coming
towards the end of the video guys now so
if you could really just let me know in
the comments I would really appreciate
that while said at the beginning of the
video RTG a career mode and thanks for
watching as always guys I appreciate you
watching Lee leaving like sand
subscribing and all that good stuff and
M yeah if you haven't done that so far
ID go ahead and do it now now is the
time to do it for the seal so thanks
watching guys fill that out with a seal
of approval